[doc] Document invalid characters that exists because of the genericity of the unicode checker (#9042)
pylint-dev/pylint: doc/data/messages/i/invalid-character-carriage-return/details.rst

> This message exists because one of our checker is very generic, but it's never going to
> raise during normal use as it's a ``syntax-error`` that would prevents the python ast
> (and thus pylint) to construct a code representation of the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This message exists because one of our checkers is very generic, but it's never going to
raise during normal use as it's a ``syntax-error`` that would prevent the python ast
(and thus pylint) from constructing a code representation of the file.
```

Author: You always find so much mistakes when I write doc ! The ratio of mistake time the fact that I write so much in a given day permits to infer the number of mistakes I make in a day and I'm a little self conscious now 😄 Well at least pylint is free from my bad grammar.
